# Felix Online API + Docs

This converts Felix Online Core models into JSON endpoints through use of some simple mapping and model manipulation code

## Installation

This must be installed as a subdirectory of the main site. Currently a completely isolated API install is not supported.

Once this is done, simply set up a config file in inc as appropriate, following the template as instruction.

## How to add more endpoints

An endpoint requires a controller which fetches the data according to the URL given and renders it.

For example, a controller may have different cases for when an ID number is specified or not.

An endpoint is hooked into the API by setting a route in index.php. This lets you set placeholders such as

```
(P<abc>[regexp])
```

which will allocate the key "abc" in $matches in the controller according to what is specified in the URL that matches the regular expression. Because of differing regexps, you can have different actions in a controller for the same URL - for example if numbers or letters are specified.

Most controllers parse the models from Core through a Helper which trims out unnecessary fields and applies any transformations to get the right JSON output. For example, foreign keys may require conversion to JSON.

Then, the API class is used to render the response.

Note that all helpers/controllers should render a PHP Array, this is converted to JSON (or perhaps one day XML) by the API class.

Authenticated endpoints are not currently supported.
