<div class="page-header">
    <h2>Article <small>an article object</small></h2>
</div>

### Values:

Key         | Value                 | Returns
----        |-------                |--------
`id`        | ID of article         | Int
`title`     | Full article title    | String
`teaser`    | Teaser text           | String
`authors`   | Array of user objects | Array of [User Objects](#user)
`category`  | Category object that article belongs to | [Category Object](#category)
`date`      | Article date (Unix timestamp) | Int
`published` | Timestamp of when article was published (Unix timestamp) | Int
`content`   | Article content (html) | String
`raw_content` | Article content (json) as output by Sir Trevor | String
`image`     | Article image object. Returns null if no image. | [Image Object](#image)
`url`       | Article url on Felix Online | String
`comments`  | Array of comments on article | Array
`comment_count` | Number of comments on article | Int

## Raw Content
For advanced uses you may want to access this.

The content is built up of a number of components.

These components contain a type and then some data.

For text, heading, and list components, the text is stored in Markdown and roughly corresponds to one text component per paragraph.

Block quotes contain the text in Markdown, and an attribution under the cite parameter.

Videos have a source (e.g. YouTube) and a video ID number.

Images have a URI.

Finally, FelixImages contain an ID number for the image for fetching from the Image endpoint (see the [Image Object](#image)), a caption, and an attribution. These should be used in preference to that obtained from the Image endpoint.

## Example object
    {
        id: "42",
        title: "Hello World",
        teaser: "Welcome to the Felix Online API",
        category: [category_object],
        date: "1317387270",
        published: "1317362400",
        hidden: "0",
        hits: "101",
        authors: [
            [author_object],
            [author_object]
        ],
        content: "
            ....
        ",
        raw_content: "
            ....
        ",
        image: [image_object],
        url: "http://felixonline.local/news/42/hello-world/"
    }
